README.md, before:

# Awesome UIkit

A curated list of awesome UIkit tools and resources. Inspired by [awesome-php](https://github.com/ziadoz/awesome-php) and the likes.

## Tools

- [Sublime Text plugin](https://github.com/uikit/uikit-sublime) - Autocompletion plugin for Sublime Text 3
- [Atom plugin](https://atom.io/packages/uikit-atom) - Autocompletion plugin for Atom
- [PhpStorm plugin](https://github.com/Bixie/intellij-uikit) - Autocompletion plugin for PhpStorm
- [Visual Studio Code plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Keno.uikit-3-snippets) - Snippets for Visual Studio Code

## Starter Kits

- [UIkit E-Commerce Template (Less)](https://github.com/chekromul/uikit-ecommerce-template) - E-Commerce Starter Template (Catalog, Filters, Pages, Cart, etc)
- [UIkit E-Commerce Template (Sass)](https://github.com/vkovic/uikit-computer-store-template) - E-Commerce Starter Template (Catalog, Filters, Pages, Cart. etc)
- [Kick-Off](https://zzseba78.github.io/Kick-Off/) - Quick Starter Template
- [vuejs-uikit-starter](https://github.com/mstaack/vuejs-uikit-starter) - Quick Starter for Uikit & Vue.js

## Page Builder and Themes

- [YOOtheme Pro](https://yootheme.com/pro) - A powerful theme and page builder for WordPress and Joomla.

## Markup Examples

- [Official UIkit tests](https://getuikit.com/assets/uikit/tests/) - Overview of all UIkit's possibilities
- [UIkit 3 codepen collection](https://codepen.io/collection/AYNaMv) - Curated collection of UIkit examples 

## Image Resources
- [Sketch Resource](https://www.sketchappsources.com/free-source/2836-getuikit-sketch-template-sketch-freebie-resource.html) - UIkit Overview

## Framework Integration
 - [Vuikit](https://vuikit.js.org) - Vue.js components built with UIkit
 - [Laravel UI Preset](https://github.com/Torrix/laravel-ui-uikit) - Laravel 6 UI preset for UIkit

## CMS built with UIkit
 - [Pagekit](https://pagekit.com) - Open source PHP CMS. Backend uses UIkit. Most of the available frontend themes also use UIkit
 - [ProcessWire](https://processwire.com) - Open source PHP CMS. Backend uses UIkit.
 
## UIkit 2 only

- [Screencasts](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2SfpsC7cy0gv9O7nNKyQZBrFjhi3LH-V) - Tutorials for UIkit 2
- [Codepen Collection](http://codepen.io/collection/njbqPE) - Curated collection of UIkit 2 examples
- [PSD Resource](https://plus.google.com/118003653058454072787/posts/LjqLED97Bh3) - UIkit 2 Elements and Grid template in a single Photoshop file
- [Warp 7 Themes](https://yootheme.com/themes#warp-themes) - Over 39 stand-alone WordPress and Joomla themes built with UIkit 2.
- [Free Pagekit Themes](https://pagekit.com/marketplace/themes?page=0) - Over 9 free themes based on UIkit 2 for the Pagekit CMS
- [Beans](https://www.getbeans.io) - Professional WordPress themes built with UIkit 2.

Commit message:

Update README add Hummingbird CMS and EasyShop component

README.md, after:

# Awesome UIkit

A curated list of awesome UIkit tools and resources. Inspired by [awesome-php](https://github.com/ziadoz/awesome-php) and the likes.

## Tools

- [Sublime Text plugin](https://github.com/uikit/uikit-sublime) - Autocompletion plugin for Sublime Text 3
- [Atom plugin](https://atom.io/packages/uikit-atom) - Autocompletion plugin for Atom
- [PhpStorm plugin](https://github.com/Bixie/intellij-uikit) - Autocompletion plugin for PhpStorm
- [Visual Studio Code plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Keno.uikit-3-snippets) - Snippets for Visual Studio Code

## Starter Kits

- [UIkit E-Commerce Template (Less)](https://github.com/chekromul/uikit-ecommerce-template) - E-Commerce Starter Template (Catalog, Filters, Pages, Cart, etc)
- [UIkit E-Commerce Template (Sass)](https://github.com/vkovic/uikit-computer-store-template) - E-Commerce Starter Template (Catalog, Filters, Pages, Cart. etc)
- [Kick-Off](https://zzseba78.github.io/Kick-Off/) - Quick Starter Template
- [vuejs-uikit-starter](https://github.com/mstaack/vuejs-uikit-starter) - Quick Starter for Uikit & Vue.js

## Page Builder and Themes

- [YOOtheme Pro](https://yootheme.com/pro) - A powerful theme and page builder for WordPress and Joomla.

## Markup Examples

- [Official UIkit tests](https://getuikit.com/assets/uikit/tests/) - Overview of all UIkit's possibilities
- [UIkit 3 codepen collection](https://codepen.io/collection/AYNaMv) - Curated collection of UIkit examples 

## Image Resources
- [Sketch Resource](https://www.sketchappsources.com/free-source/2836-getuikit-sketch-template-sketch-freebie-resource.html) - UIkit Overview

## Framework Integration
 - [Vuikit](https://vuikit.js.org) - Vue.js components built with UIkit
 - [Laravel UI Preset](https://github.com/Torrix/laravel-ui-uikit) - Laravel 6 UI preset for UIkit

## CMS built with UIkit
 - [Pagekit](https://pagekit.com) - Open source PHP CMS. Backend uses UIkit. Most of the available frontend themes also use UIkit
 - [ProcessWire](https://processwire.com) - Open source PHP CMS. Backend uses UIkit.
 - [Hummingbird CMS](https://github.com/mvanvu/hummingbird-cms) - Open source PHP CMS. Based on Phalcon v4 and UIkit v3
 - [EasyShop component!](https://joomtech.net) - Powerfull Joomla! shopping cart component. UI based on UIkit 3
 
## UIkit 2 only

- [Screencasts](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2SfpsC7cy0gv9O7nNKyQZBrFjhi3LH-V) - Tutorials for UIkit 2
- [Codepen Collection](http://codepen.io/collection/njbqPE) - Curated collection of UIkit 2 examples
- [PSD Resource](https://plus.google.com/118003653058454072787/posts/LjqLED97Bh3) - UIkit 2 Elements and Grid template in a single Photoshop file
- [Warp 7 Themes](https://yootheme.com/themes#warp-themes) - Over 39 stand-alone WordPress and Joomla themes built with UIkit 2.
- [Free Pagekit Themes](https://pagekit.com/marketplace/themes?page=0) - Over 9 free themes based on UIkit 2 for the Pagekit CMS
- [Beans](https://www.getbeans.io) - Professional WordPress themes built with UIkit 2.
